chore: added disclaimer comments around our implementation of the MASE (#2750)
interledger/rafiki: localenv/README.md

This environment will set up a playground where you can use the Rafiki Admin APIs and the Open Payments APIs.

## Disclaimer

> >**The Mock ASE provided in this repository is intended solely for internal use and demonstration purposes. It is not designed to serve as a reference architecture. If you are looking for a reference implementation of an ASE, please refer to the [Test Wallet](TODO: add link).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**The Mock ASE provided in this repository is intended solely for internal use and demonstration purposes. It is not designed to serve as a reference architecture. If you are looking for a reference implementation of an ASE, please refer to the [Test Wallet](https://github.com/interledger/testnet/tree/main/packages/wallet).**
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we put this in the documentation site too? Or just keep it here for something more "developer" focused?
